know jack ma and time have two more
A video in this video here does not
How can you put defendants on your blog?
you click here is the committee by blanc se
have favorite or enter the site for
subscription
After that you're here
also here in chelsea top
After that it will appear from here you
ever if you do not have the chelsea
enough to buy something you
come here then chelsea come you
choose the one you want to harvest michells
choose the payment method that I will
choose ticket ok
the page loads ok
after that you 'll get a ticket ok
the ticket with the payment request of the
your real name or boot any name you
you want my name is something you
end purchase
okay and you choose between the slip here or
I do not know here that you will choose me.
I'll choose the ticket here ok.
then you have already got your cash
heavens
You come here, you click with the
amount you want to choose a thousand or
click 12,000 and you talk to all
you are or not he will talk a lot
of something different from that very authorial
easy fast and it was some friends of mine
who asked to sign
so this is it here is today here is the
tutorial worth talked about was that I forgot
to say that you're going to have to
is a lottery or some place that accepts
the ticket you chose and 50
and twenty-five cents
billet in the lottery and you pay there the
cheese to take at least one day to
get up there the skies for a day to arrive
already what I think it arrives just in time
you enter a supposed luxury link entered
jungle and ready you 'll be there
Okay, so this is it, said Rui.
hockenheim